hey guys open agenda this is single
marina what is your natural reaction to
this what what what this is the way a
lot of you ask people to repeat things
you just say what or you say what I say
would and depending on intonation people
can get offended if you say what this is
really impolite if you say what people
would think you'll be surprised so there
are other ways to ask people to repeat
something and we're going to talk about
these things in today's video
[Music]
there are several ways to ask people to
repeat information and we're gonna start
with formal ways a very formal way to
ask people from our information is very
British British people say pardon pardon
me pardon and when they say they mean
that they didn't get what you were
saying so you're supposed to repeat
things you could also say sorry sorry
what or excuse me so when you don't
understand something you just say excuse
me excuse me
and with the intonation and maybe you
show your ear people wouldn't understand
that they need to repeat things the most
formal way is I beg your pardon
I beg your pardon which is also I'm
trying to pronounce it with a British
accent because I've never heard American
people say I beg your pardon
maybe they do but I've heard that a lot
more often in Great Britain in London I
beg your pardon
there are also some certain phrases that
would help you out in this situation you
can say excuse me I didn't catch you
could you repeat this again please or
you can say I am sorry I don't
understand can you repeat please
yeah or if you want to be even more
polite you could say could you repeat
please I'm sorry could you repeat the
question if somebody's saying a word or
expression that you hear for the first
time you can say excuse me I hear this
word for the first time or this word is
new for me could you explain what it
means or you can say I'm sorry I'm not
sure I understand what you mean by and
then add this word for example I say I
feel a little under the weather today
and you're like under the weather feel
under the weather and you can say I'm
sorry what do you mean by saying under
the weather
what does that expression mean and I
would go ahead and explain that I'm
feeling a little sick today which is not
true thankfully of course there are
informal ways of asking people to repeat
things but please make sure you maintain
the right intonation because for example
the phrase what did you say
can be said in two different ways you
can say what did you say what what do
you say what and if you're chatting to a
friend that is totally fine the friend
would repeat but if you're talking to a
stranger and you use the wrong
intonation what did you just say what
did you say that could be perceived as a
way to start a fight so it wouldn't
really use this phrase with that
intonation another informal way is just
to say huh people wouldn't understand
that they need to repeat it spelled like
h u h and you see that a lot in
different texts or in different books
that are informal Americans love to
contract words and instead of excuse me
sometimes they just say excuse me choose
me so there is no in the beginning
excuse me you can also say what was that
for example somebody's telling you about
things they're gonna do tomorrow and you
didn't catch what they were saying and
you were like what was that and they're
gonna repeat what was that it was why
in the last race in this informal
section is something that can be used
when you were focused on a different
thing for example you were reading a
book or you were meditating and somebody
started talking to you and you're like
you're stop meditating you're like hmm
this is hmmmm if you spell it and this
phrase would let people know that you
didn't catch what they were saying let's
talk about some slang phrases that will
mean the same thing
asking people to repeat information you
can say come again come again a very
American very widely used come again you
know also say pass that by me again
which is not that widely used if you
don't understand something and you're
giving up you can just say I don't get
it I'm sorry I don't get it I don't get
it maybe you've been trying to
understand that person several times and
you tried saying excuse me and you tried
saying I don't understand this
expression and you try it saying what do
you mean and you know at the end you're
just giving up and you just say I don't
think I get it and they wanted to wrap
up this class with idioms and remember
idioms are phrases that you cannot
translate verbatim which means worth to
work because if you try to translate
them word to word into your own language
you're gonna get something that doesn't
make any sense
okay idioms this is all Greek to me that
means I don't understand a word I think
are wires across
think maybe we've got our wires crossed
about tonight oh that's an idiom with
the exact same meaning that was as clear
as mud this actually makes sense because
mud is not clear mud is dirty and if
something is as clear as mud and it
means you can't see through its non
transparent you don't understand I can't
make heads or tails of what you're
saying
that's another idiom meaning I don't
understand you everything you said is
just a word salad this is an amazing
phrase and I know some other languages
have the same phrase I remembered German
language has Keanu D bahnhof which means
I only hear railway station which means
I don't understand anything I it sounds
super weird to me
so English language has the same phrase
by the way if you're watching from
Germany comment down below which city
you're from I'm a fan of Dresden
because I studied there and yeah the
English expression is everything you
said it's just a word salad that was it
for me guys please make sure you are
culturally aware of what's going on and
that you're using the right phrases in
the right context with the right
intonation because what said in a wrong
environment can lead to a fight or can
offend a person so please please
practice and be super discreet thank you
so much guys for watching this video up
to the very end if you're not yet
subscribed to this channel hit subscribe
button now we'll see you very soon bye
bye